Hello dear friends I want
offer you a front sight winter
which is also rather small it is 18
hook just about the hooks I you
I want to show my hook
firm gamakatsu 16 number if its exactly
also let's say they don’t
match the format it significantly
smaller in size
but why am I showing it to you for
comparisons
This hook is made of thick
The wire and the same hook is made of
fine wire
therefore based on this is valid for on
dry flies
it is very good to use with
fine but we need to have weight
so I took the hook of the company strike very
comfortable and good hooks
as for the material plus besides
has if you like that for ip
sting in the direction that increases pacheco and
master and would have the same hooks
the company produces and without a beard
which in winter improves us greatly
extracting fish a little bit I shipped
ordinary lead fastened our thread
let's get down to making us
I need this kind of material that I
repeatedly showed this derivative
from the material uni floss is new year's
I had such a rain
picked it up quite a bit
and we roll over the bend we stop
here
as a body I will use
just like me
repeatedly showed packing
the film which is good yourself
recommended in our with you fishing
fasten it
Ouzo for it does not matter
more less
on the backwash we are with you
trim the body and finally everything
fix and now neatly
back to the place of attachment of lead
catching up our stuff so as not to
we had for rubles
neatly neatly neat no
approximately here we are for the body not
Create a little bit just
taper and remove this transition
who we have near lead
You can not have any thread here
values ​​because our our foil we with
you will glue
secured
and leave the thread will make a couple of knots and
thread leave in the middle of our breasts
set the hook convenient for us
position
so that you can wrap the foil
you can tilt that is so like you
find it necessary to take a little
we put a drop of glue on the large handguard
quantities are undesirable since it will
glue through the film as I already
spoke and asked many questions i
I use this cut off the remnants and
the thread was left where the middle of ours
cuttings I take here such
permanent marker and now neatly
I completely repaint the whole eric color you
can pick up any
orange with pure green red
that is, our so as you get if
no you can leave in that light
you have the colors pick yourself leave
and now I take our Lurex already
holographic and neat now
already with a small step doing winding
over the body
I get to the breast here doing one full
turnover and finally fix our
lurex inflicted
glue droplet fixed residual
The material I prepared two our feathers
Peacock can be used as a feather
peacock
so and if you have this here
dubbing
i will make peacock feather
fasten it here
we enter the thread where we end
lead we squander a little bit like this
so as not to jump our feather and thread
leave here now necessary
a little twist and feathers but
because here breast
a couple of turns I do for and move
Now we support our
the feathers did not disperse
and move now I cant hook to
I was more comfortable and move now to
our little ringlet
reached the place of attachment fix now
watch our pen and remnants carefully
we cut the fixed cut off the remnants
materials and i picked up here thats
feather from the neck of the chicken a little painted
by size
my beards if you have not can take
pen
quail quail pick by
turnovers make a brush out of it
convenient position for us hook fasten
feather secured feather I'll take
pen holder
and literally execute pulp 2 how many
our pen will turn out
cut off the remnants I put a drop of varnish
on the head
then, if necessary, add yourself
yourself and this catchy fly is ready
dry option I then somehow you
I will make it pretty too
catchy
made some more easier
thank you for your attention and see you soon
meeting